hi everyone welcome back to my channel
today I wanted to do a really cute DIY
paper eclipse video for you guys because
I know I have a lot of stationary
planner Attucks following me and I'm
obsessed with planner and stationary
items as you guys all know so yeah I
want to show you guys how to turn some
regular paper clips into something a lot
cuter using embellishments ribbons and
stuff like that so I hope you guys enjoy
this video and if you guys want to see
how I made these really cute favorite
Clips then just keep watching alright
guys so of course we need some paper
clips I got all of these from Target and
I wanted a variety of colors so I have
some white pink red and mint and then
you also need some ribbon the top left
ribbons are from Joanne's the right one
is from Target the crochet laces from
Target as well and then the ribbon is
from Joanne's I believe and then you
also need some flower embellishments I
got these from Michaels for a dollar 50
super cute super cheap and so that's
Dada and then also some paper pads or
stock paper for the paper bowls and then
you also want to cut out some shapes or
whatever you want
I cut it out a diamond and eight heart
shape and then I drew on the diamond
just to give it some details lastly
you'll need some washi tape along with
scissors and some super glue or a hot
glue gun would work fine okay so we're
just gonna start off with the flower
paper clip all you want to do is put
your super glue on the back of the
flower embellishment and then simply
just take your paper clip and spread
that on you also want to spread out the
glue so there's not a big glob on there
so that's pretty much it all you have to
do is repeat the same steps and then you
definitely want to let all these dry
before using them so I would recommend
putting something to support with a
paper clip so that the paper clip
doesn't bend down while it's drying
moving onto the ribbon paperclips all
you want to do is take a piece of ribbon
and Center it on the paperclip you want
to take one side and feed it through
from the back if that makes sense you
want to do that for both sides so it
looks something like this
before pulling it what you want to do is
turn it to the back and then put some
superglue just a dot right at the top
before you pull it so we're just gonna
go ahead and put some superglue there
and then we're just gonna go ahead and
pull that tightly next we're just gonna
go ahead and take our scissors and just
cut a slant on each ribbon just to give
it a little bit better look to it and so
here is if you want to do more ribbons
so I'm just only doing two ribbons you
just want to repeat the same steps apply
superglue at the back and then pull it
tightly and then we're just gonna go
ahead and separate them so you can see
both ribbons and then we're gonna go
ahead and cut the slant again for each
ribbon
all right and then moving on to the
paper or paper clips all you want to do
is take any cardstock and just cut out
any shape that you want
I cut out this really pretty heart and
then go ahead and just super glue your
paper clip to the back just like that
pretty simple really easy but I think it
turned out so cute and then I'm just
gonna go ahead and do the same thing to
this diamond a paper that I cut out it's
the next moving on to that paper Bowl
paper clip which is my personal favorite
all you need is the template which I
will link down in the description box
and then we're just gonna go ahead and
cut out some stock paper that matches
this template so this is stock paper
that I've chosen first all you want to
do is take this piece and take a pencil
or anything and just round out the
corners because that's gonna be the main
bowl and then you're gonna go ahead and
glue those ends together just like that
and then after that you want to go ahead
and glue that part on top of the other
piece the bigger piece so that it looks
like there's ribbon coming out from the
back and that makes sense
and then after that you just want to go
ahead and take that center part and just
glue it and wrap it around
and while it's drying I would suggest
taking a small paper clip and just
clipping it so that it doesn't come
apart while it's drying and of course
after that you can just go ahead and
superglue your paper clip to the back of
it and then moving on to the crochet
lace paper clip all you want to do is
take your piece of crochet lace mine was
about four and a half inches long you
want to take each end and fold them to
the center but you want to make sure
each end overlaps just like that and
then we're gonna go ahead and turn them
around and just go ahead and pinch the
center just like that because we're
gonna put the ribbon in the center so
here I'm just taking this piece of
ribbon and I'm gonna go ahead and put
some glue and just secure it to the
crochet lace alright and then I'm just
going to keep adding more glue and just
rotating the ribbon around so that it
covers the center of the ribbon piece
and then you can go ahead and cut off
any excess and then of course once
you're done go ahead and super glue your
paper clip to the back and you're pretty
much done
and then moving on to the washi tape
paper clips all you want to do is take
your washi tape and fold it in kind of
like the hot dog wait a long way and
insert it and then you want to just fold
them so that they both stick together
just like that I'm pretty
self-explanatory
and I'm gonna go ahead and snip and
angle at the top so it just looks like
that
all right and then moving on to this
different style all you want to do is
take a washi tape that's a little bit
wider or you can use a skinny one if you
want you're gonna go ahead and feed the
washi tape through the side and not to
the top this time make sure you fit it
to the side where it won't get in the
way of the paper clip clipping onto a
piece of paper and then once you're done
with that you can go ahead and cut a
triangle at the end like I did here so
it looks like a page fly and you're
pretty much done